QRadarV3  improve context handling (#39359)
demisto/content: Packs/QRadar/ReleaseNotes/2_5_22.md

#### Integrations

##### IBM QRadar v3

> - Updated the QRadar v3 integration to fix an issue where the context would become malformed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the context would become malformed in some cases.
```
